DEVDOCS-2215: Updated multisite section (#686)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/bigcommerce-for-wordpress/getting-started/install.md

<div><h3 class="sub-docs-type" id="bigcommerce-for-wordpress">BigCommerce for Wordpress</h3>

> # Install

Reviewer: @ektravel, this section all the way down to Installation is a repeat.

For a walkthrough on installing and activating the plugin, see [Using BigCommerce for WordPress](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/BigCommerce-for-WordPress#installation) (BigCommerce Help Center).

## Setting your channel name

Once connected, you will set up a new [channel name](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/BigCommerce-for-WordPress#installation). This name will be used to identify this specific WordPress instance in BigCommerce when checking orders or listing products.

<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">
    
<!-- theme: info -->

### Multisite instructions 
> For multisite instructions, see [Multisite Setup](/bigcommerce-for-wordpress/setup/multi-site).

</div>
</div>
</div>

After you have created your new channel name, the initial product sync will begin, and you can begin configuring your [plugin settings](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/BigCommerce-for-WordPress-Plugin-Settings).
=======
<div><h3 class="sub-docs-type" id="bigcommerce-for-wordpress">BigCommerce for Wordpress</h3>

> # Install

Reviewer: This section is repeated.

## Installation

To install BigCommerce for WordPress, you will need to [install and activate the plugin](https://wordpress.org/plugins/bigcommerce/) in WordPress and connect your BigCommerce account. If you do not already have an account, you will be prompted to create one.

For a walkthrough on installing and activating the plugin, see [Using BigCommerce for Wordpress](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/BigCommerce-for-WordPress#installation) (BigCommerce Help Center).

## Setting your channel name

> Once connected, you will set up a new **Channel Name**. This name will be used to identify this specific WordPress instance in BigCommerce when checking orders or listing products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once connected, you will set up a new **Channel Name**. This name identifies this specific WordPress instance in BigCommerce when checking orders or listing products.

```
